text = f"""
You should express what you want a model to do by \ 
providing instructions that are as clear and \ 
specific as you can possibly make them. \ 
This will guide the model towards the desired output, \ 
and reduce the chances of receiving irrelevant \ 
or incorrect responses. Don't confuse writing a \ 
clear prompt with writing a short prompt. \ 
In many cases, longer prompts provide more clarity \ 
and context for the model, which can lead to \ 
more detailed and relevant outputs.
"""
prompt = f"""
Summarize the text delimited by triple backticks \ 
into a single sentence.
```{text}```
"""
response = get_completion(prompt)
print(response)


OUTPUT

Providing clear and specific instructions to a model will 
guide it towards the desired output, reducing the chances of irrelevant 
or incorrect responses, and longer prompts can provide more clarity and context for more detailed and relevant outputs.

Initial Prompt:
"Practice your Spanish vocabulary. Click on the image that corresponds to the word displayed."

Testing and Feedback:
During usability testing, users express confusion about the word "corresponds" 
and find it difficult to understand the task. Some users suggest that providing a 
simpler instruction might be more helpful.

Revised Prompt:
"Practice your Spanish vocabulary. Click on the picture that matches the word shown."

Testing and Feedback (Iteration 2):
While the revised prompt is clearer, some users still struggle
to understand the task because of the phrase "matches the word shown."
They suggest using a more direct instruction.

Second Revised Prompt:
"Practice your Spanish vocabulary. Click on the 
picture that shows the word."

Testing and Feedback (Iteration 3):
Users find the revised prompt much clearer, but some express confusion
about whether they should click on the word itself or the picture representing the word.

Final Prompt:
"Practice your Spanish vocabulary. Click on the picture that represents the word."

Monitoring and Iteration:
After implementing the final prompt, ongoing monitoring reveals that users 
are engaging with the activity more effectively, and there are fewer instances 
of confusion. However, some users still struggle with certain vocabulary words, 
prompting the team to consider adding hints or additional context to further improve user understanding.

In this example, the iterative prompt development process involved multiple 
iterations of testing, gathering feedback, and revising the prompt until it effectively 
communicated the task to users and facilitated their engagement with the language learning activity.

fact_sheet_chair = """
OVERVIEW
- Part of a beautiful family of mid-century inspired office furniture, 
including filing cabinets, desks, bookcases, meeting tables, and more.
- Several options of shell color and base finishes.
- Available with plastic back and front upholstery (SWC-100) 
or full upholstery (SWC-110) in 10 fabric and 6 leather options.
- Base finish options are: stainless steel, matte black, 
gloss white, or chrome.
- Chair is available with or without armrests.
- Suitable for home or business settings.
- Qualified for contract use.

CONSTRUCTION
- 5-wheel plastic coated aluminum base.
- Pneumatic chair adjust for easy raise/lower action.

DIMENSIONS
- WIDTH 53 CM | 20.87”
- DEPTH 51 CM | 20.08”
- HEIGHT 80 CM | 31.50”
- SEAT HEIGHT 44 CM | 17.32”
- SEAT DEPTH 41 CM | 16.14”

OPTIONS
- Soft or hard-floor caster options.
- Two choices of seat foam densities: 
 medium (1.8 lb/ft3) or high (2.8 lb/ft3)
- Armless or 8 position PU armrests 

MATERIALS
SHELL BASE GLIDER
- Cast Aluminum with modified nylon PA6/PA66 coating.
- Shell thickness: 10 mm.
SEAT
- HD36 foam

COUNTRY OF ORIGIN
- Italy
"""


prompt = f"""
Your task is to help a marketing team create a 
description for a retail website of a product based 
on a technical fact sheet.

Write a product description based on the information 
provided in the technical specifications delimited by 
triple backticks.

The description is intended for furniture retailers, 
so should be technical in nature and focus on the 
materials the product is constructed from.

At the end of the description, include every 7-character 
Product ID in the technical specification.

After the description, include a table that gives the 
product's dimensions. The table should have two columns.
In the first column include the name of the dimension. 
In the second column include the measurements in inches only.

Give the table the title 'Product Dimensions'.

Format everything as HTML that can be used in a website. 
Place the description in a <div> element.

Technical specifications: ```{fact_sheet_chair}```
"""

response = get_completion(prompt)
print(response)


Introducing our latest addition to the mid-century inspired office furniture collection - the versatile and stylish office chair. This chair is part of a family of furniture pieces that includes filing cabinets, desks, bookcases, meeting tables, and more, all designed with a mid-century aesthetic in mind.

Available in a variety of shell colors and base finishes, this chair can be customized to suit any space. Choose between plastic back and front upholstery or full upholstery in a range of fabric and leather options. The base finish options include stainless steel, matte black, gloss white, or chrome, allowing you to match the chair to your existing decor.

Constructed with a 5-wheel plastic coated aluminum base and featuring a pneumatic chair adjust for easy raise/lower action, this chair is not only stylish but also functional. It is suitable for both home and business settings, and is qualified for contract use.

The materials used in the construction of this chair are of the highest quality. The shell base glider is made of cast aluminum with a modified nylon PA6/PA66 coating, ensuring durability and stability. The seat is filled with HD36 foam, providing comfort and support for long hours of sitting.

Enhance your workspace with this elegant and practical office chair, designed and crafted in Italy.

Product IDs: SWC-100, SWC-110

Product Dimensions
Dimension	Measurements
WIDTH	20.87"
DEPTH	20.08"
HEIGHT	31.50"
SEAT HEIGHT	17.32"
SEAT DEPTH	16.14"

